all right we can now speak to Muhammad
nazal who's a member of hamas's
political office thank you for joining
us on Al jazer so we saw an extension of
that ceasefire by one day until tomorrow
7: a.m. what's the likelihood that it
will be extended again because all eyes
are on what's going to happen
tomorrow uh this is the seventh day of
humanitarian
ceasefire we are negotiating now through
K foreign Ministry to extend the
humanitarian SE fire as soon as soon as
we understanding with the other parties
we hope that we
can uh extend the Seas fair for one day
two days few days as soon as we H can
reach uh to this extension humanitarian
I I understand your hope Mr nazal but is
this how it's going to be day by day
until all the prisoners are going to be
released yes of course our goal is to
release uh all uh
prisoners from two
sides and of course we need to enter to
enter the AIDS to our people because uh
it is not enough H to enter these AIDS
within last seven days we want more what
can you tell us just let's focus on the
releases for a moment if we can just
focus on the releases what can you tell
us about today's release in particular
does it still include Israeli women and
children yes of course H but the Israeli
refused uh to take the bodies of uh
their
prisoners uh who
they are killed them by their air
strikes uh we are ready also uh to
deliver
the uh bodies of Israeli prisoners but
the but the authority Israeli
authorities refused to take their budes
the Israeli said because this was a
violation of the agreed upon standards
which uh right now we understands
stipulates 10 living uh detainees but
again back to today's release Thursday
does that group still include women and
children or will it include yes all
women and children include women and
children H it's this is
the releasing today inshallah okay so
what happens once uh the women and
children are all
released which which group of captives
will will then be released till this
moment till this
moment uh our leadership in Gaza
Strip H they announced that we have only
last of women and
children among the prisoners till this
moment so we are ready to
negotiate about the other prisoners in
both sides we have
soldiers uh we have
settlers we are ready to start
negotiate about these kind of prisoners
have these negotiations started right
now are they are they
ongoing it's ongoing it's
ongoing uh but uh we are waiting of
er we are waiting of uh the
sponsorship and
patronage of this
negotiating between us and
Israelis Ministry foreign Ministry can
you uh give us an exact number then of
the number of um hostages you're holding
apart from the women and children you
you just said that you have settlers and
you have soldiers can you give us an
idea of of the
numbers actually I have uh no idea about
the exactly
number but I can say that it's about
hundreds of
prisoners ER among ER these
prisoners who are
detained
them can you tell us about the reports
of of the dead bodies that uh that Hamas
uh is holding in
captivity they are talking about three
bodies now but I don't know whether they
have more or not but they
refused uh the three
bodies uh who which Hamas declared about
it do you think that there's going to be
an opportunity uh Mr nazal for a
permanent ceasefire after uh these
temporary
ceasefires uh take
place we hope that
we have we hope that and we we are
looking for a
permanent uh
ceasefire uh but till this moment the
Israelis are refusing a
permanent
ceasefire what do you why do you say
that they're refusing a permanent
ceasefire can you elaborate more on that
I think uh there are a division and
inside the leadership of Israel in
political establishment and in military
establishment so till this moment they
didn't decide whether they are ready to
stop uh the war or continue the war for
the um soldiers that Hamas uh is holding
on to in Gaza uh which Palestinian
prisoners do you want to see released
and is it also going to be the same
formula as we've seen over the past
couple of days for one Israeli three
Palestinians are being
released no of course we must change
this space when we started to talk about
soldiers it's different talking about
civilians this bace was
because of we we were
negotiating about civilians when we
started to talk about soldiers I think
we must change this space so what will
Hamas then be asking
for we are asking for releasing of all
prisoners in Israel jails for the
release of the soldiers just to be clear
for the release of the soldiers from
Gaza you're asking for all the
Palestinian prisoners to be released
from Israeli
jails yes this is what we are looking
for and what's been the response uh from
from negotiators to this and from Israel
till this
moment till this moment we didn't
start uh in this way of negotiating okay
we'll leave it there thank you uh Mr
Muhammad nazal thank you for speaking to
us thank you very